First measure: influencing the price of drugs,
and consequently the public division of drugs.
It will take time, but I have to explain, don't I?
Once you paid the supplemental, the over-supplemental health insurance and all the rest, what's left to pay?
There's €16 billion left to pay!
So I need to find €16 billion—not including the drop in  drug prices—to reach 100% Social Security reimbursements.
How will I do this? First, we'll forbid doctors from imposing excess costs.
€8 billion!
Secondly,
—they shouldn't try me too much!
Let's tell it like it is, they invented this horrible thing called the "numerus clausus"
and the result is that we lack medical students.
When you want to study medicine today, you're forced to attend a prep school, and your parents have to pay for it,
whereas before you could directly enter the first year, but now if you didn't attend a prep school...
—you know, the prep schools where the guys who conceive the exam teach—
...then you can't become a doctor.
And this invention resulted in the fact that few people are capable of doing medical interventions, specialists in particular.
Besides, they all go to the same place, which is why there are medically undeserved areas.
And that's why—it's a small proposition—we will organize public health care.
With public healthcare centers and doctors employed by the state.
Did you hear this abomination? Civil servants!
Doctors who agree...
—and there are plenty of young people who agree to do that!
There are lots of young people who agree to live this life!
The proof is that young doctors often work in collective offices.
So it must be possible, right?
It will not be an obligation, but those who want to will have the possibility to do so.
And this will enable us to cover the whole territory, and consequently to treat diseases and patients in time,
and doctors won't be forced to do a consultation every quarter of an hour to treat everyone.
A lot of doctors make extraordinary efforts, you know? But this is absurd!
How did they put themselves in this situation?
So we refuse excess costs!
It will enable us to save €8 billion.
Then... —Early on, I spoke about supplemental health insurances.
These people keep explaining that the public sector is expensive and that the private sector is wonderful, you know?
The result is that the management fees of supplemental health insurances cost €6.5 billion.
€6.5 billion!
To make a comparison, there are 8 % of management fees with Social Security,
whereas with private insurances, management fees are from 18 to 25 %!
In other words, supplementary health insurances are more expensive than Social Security.
In addition to this, we will of course hire employees from private insurances in the Social Security personnel,
—and doing so will enable everyone to work more serenely—
it represents an economy of €6.5 billion to add to the €8 billion I just told you about, which makes €14 billlion.
Now when my comrades did the math, they discovered
that supplemental heathcare insurances benefitted from a €3.5 billion exemption from Social Security contributions.
I'll take them back!
And this makes... Well, it makes a little more than we need: €17 billion.
So we shouldn't say it's not possible.
So...
They did the math, because they think: "Mélenchon he says things, but..."
But no, Mélenchon is a careful guy!
And... they often make mistakes when it comes to me...
They believe that we were born yesterday, and since we don't have any money, they think that...
But they don't get it!
I am surrounded by lots of people who actually work, organize and prepare things, and I'm their spokesman!
They are volunteers, but listen people, volunteers are not amateurs, you know?
They don't seem to get it!
Volunteers are people who know and do their job!
And they do it for other people most of the time, because they're paid for that!
And those who do the math for right-wingers or for guys from the Socialist Party,
well sometimes, they share our ideas, they're with us!
Yes they are! So what do they do?
Well they tell us about it!
They explain to us how they do it, how they proceed.
And they're everywhere! Ha ha. Everywhere!
In the most improbable jobs.
In the army, in the diplomatic corps, everywhere!
Our opponents don't think it's possible, but it is!
There are people who give us a hand, so we use bulletproof figures!